Article ID: b69209b4-66be-473a-940d-6d5acf1a9082
URL: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/babylist-natalie-gordon-how-a-new-mom-used-nap-time/id1150510297?i=1000733348575
Title: Advice Line with Tariq Farid of Edible Arrangements
Content Length: 2169 chars
Status: finished
Created: 2025-11-07 11:24:30.164617

=== FULL CONTENT ===
Summary: EPISODE_TITLE: Advice Line with Tariq Farid of Edible Arrangements EPISODE_DESCRIPTION: Tariq Farid the founder of Edible Arrangements joins Guy on the Advice Line to answer questions from three early-stage entrepreneurs. Plus, Tariq updates Guy on how he’s pivoting into a new industry while ushering in the next generation of leadership at the company. &nbsp;First, we hear from Jake in Virginia who’s wondering how he can make his Filipino-inspired banana ketchup mainstream in America. Then, Heather in Sweden wants to know if she should change the name of her luxury polar voyage company to distance themselves from cruises.

Full Article: EPISODE_TITLE: Advice Line with Tariq Farid of Edible Arrangements EPISODE_DESCRIPTION: Tariq Farid the founder of Edible Arrangements joins Guy on the Advice Line to answer questions from three early-stage entrepreneurs. Plus, Tariq updates Guy on how he’s pivoting into a new industry while ushering in the next generation of leadership at the company.&nbsp;First, we hear from Jake in Virginia who’s wondering how he can make his Filipino-inspired banana ketchup mainstream in America. Then, Heather in Sweden wants to know if she should change the name of her luxury polar voyage company to distance themselves from cruises. And, Ryan in Texas wants to know how he can bump up his revenue without losing his company’s highly personalized customer service.&nbsp;Thank you to the founders of Fila Manila, Minimal Impact Cruises, and Kong Screen Printing for being a part of our show.If you’d like to be featured on a future Advice Line episode, leave us a one-minute message that tells us about your business and a specific question you’d like answered. Send a voice memo to or call 1-800-433-1298.And be sure to listen to Edible Arrangement’s founding story as told by Tariq on the show in 2017.This episode was produced by Rommel Wood with music by Ramtin Arablouei. It was edited by Andrea Bruce. Our audio engineer was Robert Rodriguez.&nbsp;See Privacy Policy at and California Privacy Notice at #do-not-sell-my-infoSee Privacy Policy at and California Privacy Notice at #do-not-sell-my-info.