Orientation:
Approach the large solitary boulder perched just below the rocky ridge trail.
Narration:
Whereas water in liquid form can change mountains through the slow, steady act of erosion, water in ice form can rearrange the landscape in another way. Twenty thousand years ago, a miles-high glacial ice sheet had steadily grown down from the Arctic to completely cover New England. As it grew, the ice indiscriminately collected everything from bacteria to boulders as big as houses, slowly scraping along, carving new landscape forms in its wake.

This boulder is a bit of a mystery on deCordova’s landscape. It could be a boulder that was taken for a ride by a glacier, or it could have simply been plucked from—or might even be a part of—the nearby rock ridge. The way to tell the difference is to compare this boulder to the jagged bedrock poking out of the ground, which you’ll see in more detail at the next stop. Are they the same, or different? If they are different, then maybe this boulder travelled far and wide in a glacier before arriving here at deCordova. If they’re the same, maybe the glacier just revealed this rock as it scraped along the surface of the earth.
Some say that this boulder marks where the founder of the museum, Julian de Cordova, is buried. If that’s true, maybe the stone was brought to this spot with the help of human-made machinery!
Try to move this large boulder.
Make a sound like a glacier scraping across the landscape. Now, do a movement like a glacier scraping across a landscape. This is the glacier song and dance.

Is this boulder native to this spot, or a glacial traveler? Glaciers once blanketed this region in ice a mile thick. As they crept across the land, they carved valleys, moved boulders, and revealed new surfaces. 
Some say museum founder Julian de Cordova is buried here—whether true or not, the stone’s mystery deepens our sense of time. Try the “glacier dance”: push the boulder (you won’t budge it), then scrape, grind, or move like ancient ice reshaping the land.
Transition:
Please resume the tour at the next stop once you reach it by climbing the stone steps ahead to the exposed rocky ridge known as Alice’s Garden.