Main navigation
Main navigation
Picasso, Miró, Dalí: Unbound
Related Events
Livres d’Artiste: Picasso, Miró, Dalí
Virtual Member Lecture: Picasso, Miró, Dalí
Extras
Step Inside the Exhibition
Sponsors
Visit Us
Connect with Us
Sign up for MFA Mail
Footer
Abstract black-line drawing with bursts of red, yellow, green, and blue.
Joan Miró, Le Lézard aux plumes d’or (The Lizard with Golden Feathers), published by Louis Broder, printed by Mourlot Frères, Paris, 1971
Joan Miró, Le Lézard aux plumes d’or (The Lizard with Golden Feathers) (detail), published by Louis Broder, printed by Mourlot Frères, Paris, 1971. Illustrated book with 40 color lithographs (including wrapper front and cover); publisher’s vellum. Gift of Boris Fridman. © Successió Miró / Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York / ADAGP, Paris 2026.
Bold, experimental, extravagant, and unbound, both literally and in the creative minds that produced them, livres d’artiste had no precedent. At the turn of the 20th century, they revolutionized the book as an art form. Livres d’artiste attracted many famous practitioners—Pablo Picasso, Joan Miró, and Salvador Dalí among them—but they were also deeply collaborative ventures. Authors, publishers, designers, and printmakers played essential roles in bringing them to life.
This exhibition introduces the imaginative world of this form through a group of extraordinary works by Spanish artists. Visitors can explore how images, words, and typography intersect, often in intricate ways that defy expectations. Some artists interpreted foundational texts, as Dalí did in his 1974 illustrations for Sigmund Freud’s Moses and Monotheism; others partnered with writers to devise images and words in harmony at the outset, as in Juan Gris and French poet Pierre Reverdy’s Au Soleil du Plafond (1955). Rarely on view, and resisting easy categorization, these livres d’artiste invite visitors into a world of artistic ambition in which creativity and the power of collaboration led to some of the most singular and compelling achievements of publishing in the 20th century.
Wednesday, September 16–Wednesday, October 7, 2026
Wednesday, December 9, 20266:30 pm–7:30 pm
A post shared by Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (@mfaboston)
Lead support is provided by the Jean S. and Frederic A. Sharf Exhibition Fund.
Major support is provided by the Lia and William Poorvu Fund and an anonymous funder.
Additional support comes from Peter and Catherine Creighton, Erinn and Jason Rhodes, the Dr. Lawrence and Roberta Cohn Fund for Exhibitions, the Ellen and Robert Jaffe Fund, and an anonymous funder.
465 Huntington Avenue
Boston, Massachusetts 02115
Get updates on what’s happening at the MFA, from exhibitions and programs to special events and more.
© 2026 Museum of Fine Arts Boston
Getting Here
Dining
Groups
Inclusion
Accessibility
MFA Mobile
Catering and Special Events
Exhibitions
                  
                    
          Current Exhibitions
Upcoming Exhibitions
Traveling Exhibitions
Past Exhibitions
Programs
                  
                    
          Program Calendar
Gallery Tours and Talks
Lectures
Studio Art Classes
Special Events
Kids and Family Programs
Teen Programs
School Programs
College Programs
Community Programs
Collections
                  
                    
          Collections Search
Africa and Oceania
Americas
Ancient Egypt, Nubia, Near East
Ancient Greece and Rome
Contemporary Art
Europe
Jewelry
Judaica
Photography
Prints and Drawings
Musical Instruments
Textile and Fashion Arts
Center for Netherlandish Art
Conservation and Collections Management
Libraries and Archives
MFA Images
Provenance
Publications
Membership
                  
                    
          Levels and Benefits
Member Events
Gift Membership
Patron Program
Museum Council
Curators Circles
Frequently Asked Questions
Organizational Memberships
Give
                  
                    
          Give to the MFA
Planned Giving
MFA Fund
Matching Gifts
Corporate Sponsorship
Corporate Membership
Gifts of Art
Gifts of Securities
Donor-Advised Funds
Get Tickets
Join Today
Log In
UserId Member
        
        
          Edit Account
Manage Interests
Manage Memberships
Upcoming Events
Video Content
Log Out
View Cart
View Cart 0
Time Remaining: 0:00
Visit
                  
                    
          Hours and Admission
Lois B. and Michael K. Torf Gallery (Gallery 184)
Instagram
Facebook
TikTok
LinkedIn
Youtube
Pinterest
Working at the MFA
Annual Report
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Translate